Add section for Seqera Platform into installation docs (#5675)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/install.md

NXF_VER=23.10.0 nextflow info
```

## Seqera Platform

You can launch workflows directly from [Seqera Platform](https://seqera.io/platform/) without installing Nextflow locally.

> Launching from Seqera Platform provides you with:

Author: ```suggestion

Launching from Seqera Platform provides you with:
```

NXF_VER=23.10.0 nextflow info
```

## Seqera Platform

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

You can launch workflows directly from [Seqera Platform](https://seqera.io/platform/) without installing Nextflow locally.

Launching from Seqera Platform provides you with:

> - User-friendly launch interfaces
> - Automated cloud infrastructure creation
> - Organizational user management
> - Advanced analytics with resource optimization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User-friendly launch interfaces.
- Automated cloud infrastructure creation.
- Organizational user management.
- Advanced analytics with resource optimization.
```

Seqera Cloud Basic is free for small teams. Researchers at qualifying academic institutions can apply for free access to Seqera Cloud Pro.

> See [Seqera Platform](https://docs.seqera.io/platform) for set-up information and tutorials to get started.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [Seqera Platform documentation](https://docs.seqera.io/platform) for set-up information and tutorials to get started.
```

NXF_VER=23.10.0 nextflow info
```

## Seqera Platform

> Take your Nextflow usage to the next level with [Seqera Platform](https://seqera.io/platform/), a tool created by the team behind Nextflow that's designed to monitor, manage,

Reviewer 2: "Take your Nextflow usage to the next level" doesn't really match the tone of the rest of the docs, feels more like a marketing pitch than something purely informative.

Since this is the install page, maybe the focus should be on the fact that you don't need to install Nextflow locally this way. I mean leading with that rather than saying it further down

Author: Agreed, removed this sentence.

> Take your Nextflow usage to the next level with [Seqera Platform](https://seqera.io/platform/), a tool created by the team behind Nextflow that's designed to monitor, manage,
> and optimize Nextflow workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> You can launch workflows directly from Seqera Platform without installing Nextflow locally.

Author: ```suggestion
You can launch workflows directly from [Seqera Platform](https://seqera.io/platform/) without installing Nextflow locally.
```

> Launching from Platform provides you a user-friendly launch interface,
> the ability to automatically create complex cloud infrastructure,
> organizational user management for shared access control,
> and advanced analytics to optimize performance and costs.

Author: ```suggestion
Launching from Seqera Platform provides you with:
- User-friendly launch interfaces
- Automated cloud infrastructure creation
- Organizational user management
- Advanced analytics with resource optimization
```

'cc @christopher-hakkaart

NXF_VER=23.10.0 nextflow info
```

> ## Use Nextflow with Seqera Platform

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Seqera Platform
```

> To take your Nextflow usage to the next level, you can try
> [Seqera Platform](https://seqera.io/platform/).
> It's a tool created by the team behind Nextflow that's designed to monitor, manage,
> and optimise Nextflow workflows.
> It's free for small teams, and academic researchers can apply to get Seqera Cloud Pro for free.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Take your Nextflow usage to the next level with [Seqera Platform](https://seqera.io/platform/), a tool created by the team behind Nextflow that's designed to monitor, manage,
and optimize Nextflow workflows.
Seqera Cloud Basic is free for small teams. Researchers at qualifying academic institutions can apply for free access to Seqera Cloud Pro.
```

> You can launch workflows directly from Seqera Platform, skipping the need to install Nextflow at all.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can launch workflows directly from Seqera Platform without installing Nextflow.
```

Author: Not sure about the language here. I mean, Nextflow is still installed _somewhere_, my point was that you don't need to faff around installing it locally.

Reviewer 3: Updating it to "...installing Nextflow locally"

Author: The simplest solutions are often the best!

> Launching from Platform gives you a user-friendly launch interface,
> the ability to automatically create complex cloud infrastructure,
> organisational user management for shared access control,
> and advanced analytics to optimise performance and costs for you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Launching from Platform provides you a user-friendly launch interface,
the ability to automatically create complex cloud infrastructure,
organizational user management for shared access control,
and advanced analytics to optimize performance and costs.
```

> See the [Seqera Platform docs](https://docs.seqera.io/platform) for more information and a tutorials.
> 
> You can also monitor your Nextflow workflows launched from the local CLI,
> which streams real-time execution data to your Seqera Platform dashboard:
> 
> ```bash
> export TOWER_ACCESS_TOKEN="<YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN>"
> nextflow run hello -with-tower
> ```
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Seqera Cloud Basic is free for small teams. Researchers at qualifying academic institutions can apply for free access to Seqera Cloud Pro.
See [Seqera Platform](https://docs.seqera.io/platform) for more information and tutorials to get started.

```
